## Planning of storytelling workshops

**Please note**: This workshop eventually did not happen because the core team collectively decided the stories should emphasize more of external stakeholders' usage scenarios and impact case studies.

Below list the original planning:


**Workshop Part 1 - How Stories Get Told in the Atlas**

Questions covered:
What are the possible forms of storytelling/communication are we aiming for in the atlas?
If we need different forms of communication, what different purposes/audience do they serve? 
Why are we using storytelling in the atlas, what is the purpose? 

= Homework/Pre workshop: Prepare One Story =

Audience+Key messages+(Bullet Points Gist)
Note:  1) Avoid guiding participants towards developing long extensive stories, unless there's an existing draft to use. 2) Think of more ways a story gets told.

= Presentation: Forms of Data-driven Storytelling =

Note: 1) cover range of stories mini stories to in-depth analysis; 2) range of representation: scrolly, slideshows, comics, infographics;

= StoryKit: Materials for developing stories =

Comic Panels, Different sizes of sticky notes, callout bubbles, key findings arrow, persona figures


= Making: Use the template for constructing stories =

Think of different ways of telling one story with the audience in mind
Do you tell the same story to different audiences?

= Discussion =

Why did you choose this specific format? What is your audience?
What is your impression of these different forms of storytelling representation?
How do different forms of story influence your choices?
Why are we using storytelling in the atlas, what is the purpose? 

(Reflection: would your story work for these audiences?)



**Workshop Part 2 - What Stories to Tell**

Questions covered:
How many stories do we need?
What stories get prioritised?
What is the overall landscape of storytelling pages/components in the atlas?
What is the overall strategy of using storytelling?

= Followup: Stories we make from previous workshop =

Multiple stories,
Multiple forms of storytelling representation

= Brianstorm: More stories =

What other stories do we need?
How many stories do we need?

= Collaborative Mapping/Sketching =

To work in constraints, make a concept map of the overall blueprint of all the stories we can feasibly deliver.

= Discussion =

What is the overall landscape of storytelling pages/components in the atlas?
What is the overall strategy of using storytelling?
